Oh , the god of stick on black
Yes thank you
Though it is the first time that I can not make it to the early black with the stick of a stick
This time the theme is a small stick in zinc, but it is a stick
Well I thought a lot
Say Do not I Do not Shiee spring no
You 're full of guys like you Because the best you know of the stomach train Commitment
That was'm what in some people
Eat constantly salad participate in when you eat knife of rice because because when Kasa this land
In one tiny pet hotels and Carter that over water NYA inch
Say Toka're Natsuke Tsu not draw sweet mouth Usa when you drink
Urbano Nikuku is there not? Well, there sides said Datte But there Well
It will only But I also
Not'm such idea as Good from Qi longer live like Moahha ah ah
Buber Soros Attention if you see from other people
monjayaki yourself by that 's not their surprise Nen den also a Well
I might catch Kana should reverse So I
I want to be human I think I'm pretty chopper
I don't forget to try to be a human being in love with a human being
I am
Think most revered human Yaro away from Boo Boo's
so
I think I'm going to say I'm going to create that
- borne Neru I'd a thing I have not the Mr. Kuse is
I along with dogs and cats from the kind of child things tiki this manner all the time say animal
Soon we will put out more human-like
I'm always struck but it is I want to human Lesser be Utte ish mine I thought human
Not a Yanda not it really entered was it human beings from
Eat in what is also pet Niño before after handling thought the REGZA that it is human to immediately go to bed San'
Hmm
Cans Tteyuu Dakaran Child is you is full Good there Rutte things do it by Koza stomach
Well the goal is to be that person
It's a sort of setter, so that 's the feature of this time is a small part of me
Wonder if ants to Hasegawa here for Tteyuu commitment
I know you 're not loading the left early You really should be this
Entered's Teru say ask to say in front of or I Bakka certain I'm in the goby school
A little saying by Na or not Toka God am here everyone Hasegawa and waiting but now But summer
Gawa
When Boo Boo is Niño
Oh Burn the absolute Utsubuseru live properly
Commitment can not be absolute you'll sell the other I blew kea
Buy of your mountain to the contents woman of surplus
Another Kuuneru it is not a non-think whether the file you are
Oh yes I wonder if you are going to sleep
To eat
When buying rice balls, absolutely
Tiki was perfectly I you say something I in Dog 1 When I try to sleep it Ikiro softening sermon anyone
You cool reflected Roper and each tribe's Do not be Yone also I get suck me is my orchid
What
Buber completely to me already know
I can not tell you that it is an animal
Yes let's remember it was a stick stick to Gin Riki podcast to Anakuro
Takahashi Arthur